# Files

## Compiler.nim

This is the main file, it iterates through the program, calls the parser with the command, and then gives the file output after every command is processed. It also provides the CLI tool and flags. It is the main orchastrator of the compiler.

## Parser.nim

This process the line from compiler.nim and turns it into tokens. It then decides which command to call with the tokens as arguements. 

## FileWriter.nim

This serves as a centralized function to write to the output file.

## Registry.nim

This helps with the modular command system and indexing the commands in the /cmds folder.

## Importstate.nim

This tracks the imported libraries and serves as a global function file. 

## /targets

Each target in this file has it's own file, and two functions, <target name>Post and <target name>Pre. These are called before the main compiler loop and after. For example, the rustPre adds the comment "// Rust file generated by Quill Compiler" and the rustPost writes the code in order.

## /cmds

Every command has a file. These are stored in /cmds. For example, the print command is stored in print.nim and is called with printIRGenerator. These are the files that the registry indexs and the parser calls.

## /cmds/commands.nim

This file is autogenerated by build.nim and it includes every default command and every command in the standard library, as well as imports for any commands.

## /cmds/stdlib

This folder holds items in the standard library. Each library has a folder in /cmds/stdlib. Commands then in the /cmds/stdlib/<lib name> can be called with <lib name>.<command name>().